Alright! In the next video, not in this
video, in the next video, we are going to
start getting into implementing find
owner but I want to talk about a very
very important feature of the Spring
Framework which I did not address in the
regular lessons of the course. This is
kind of a topic that's important and I
want to address it. I'm going to take
a look at their implementation here.
I am literally going to steal this
InitBinder. I'm going to put this into
our project. This is a going to get
into some of the binding stuff that we
are doing. I'm going to come over here
and paste this right in here. Now let's
go ahead and port these and then I'm
going to talk about what's going on here.
One of the things that we've seen in
the course is where we can use Spring to
automatically bind web variables to
objects that are coming into the
application. Now this is an important
feature, this WebDataBinder. This has
been around very very early 1.2 of
Spring. It's when it came into play. It
seems like a little magic in the
background where we have HTTP variables
coming in and then Spring magically
binds everything to a Java object for us
which is awesome. But that magic, I'm
using magic in air quotes. Sometimes you
need to control that. The web data
binder is exactly how you...
I have additional control over it. I'm
not going to get into every feature here
but you can go ahead, look at the source
code on this. It got some really good
comments in that. There's some good
documentation. A number of blog post on
it as well. This is like old school
Spring Web MVC. Been around forever and
it effects how we handle post. The
Spring communities really moving more
towards RESTful web services and stuff
like that so we're not seeing Spring
used as much for traditional HTML pages
and forms and stuff, but still out there,
still widely used but kind of becoming
old-school in the modern technology.
This here is specifically to deal
with handling things
like form posts to a controller and how
we handle the binding to Java objects.
This gives us more control over that.
I wanted to do a separate video on this
just to dive into some of the features
and functionality of this. You can see
there's a number of different options
and methods that we can use to control
how things are happening. In this case
here, what the Spring team did and this is
actually a very good thing is we are
sending a disallowed field of ID. And why
ID? Let's take a quick look here.
This is kind of like defensive coding. If
you remember, I'm going into our model
here, our BaseEntity, so our ID property
is what drives everything in the
database. What we're saying is we
don't want to allow the web forms to
address and manipulate the ID property.
So this is a good thing,
security wise. Without it, we could some
way could hack things and try to gain
the system and manipulate the ID
property of object stored in the
database. We want our code to be doing
that. We don't want to open up that door
to allow people to potentially hack the
system's because remember we are in a
stateless system. When I come up here,
let's take a quick look at the page.
So here's a typical web form. I'm just
bringing this up. We'll be looking at
this in an upcoming video more. But you
can see we're setting up input fields.
Let's just create a normal HTML form and
somebody could do something and create
an HTTP POST or GET with this form and
that could in theory mess with the
system if we allow that ID property to
be set. So, what's happening here is we
are grabbing this WebDataBinder, so
InitBinder. That's a standard
Spring MVC annotation to allow us to
have that WebDataBinder inject it into
our controller and then we can take
control of it. This is very old
Spring stuff. Kind of an old style from
like I showed you that it's from Spring
1.2. I think that was
before I started working with Spring.
So very old school stuff here but also
very important. I wanted to do a separate
video on this to make you aware of that.
We are going to be using InitBinder on
our controllers coming up. I'm not
going to commit this specific one here
because in the next video we are going
to start implementing the ability to do
a find owner and then after that we'll
be getting into the form post of
actually updating and creating an owner
so we'll get into that and upcoming it
at videos as well. But be aware of this.
If you need to control a form post with
more detail, the WebDataBinder is how
can you do that.